the exciting movies channel is with you
today i will tell you about the thriller
of 1971 called the clockwork orange
[Applause]
i see now what i've never seen before
alex and his friends prepare for a
raucous evening by getting drunk on milk
and illegal substances in a cafe
the first thing the friends do is go to
a neighborhood where homeless people are
usually found
alex hates old homeless people
especially if they are drunk and then
they come across just such an old man
drunk and begging for alms
the friends listened to his speech about
why he leads such a life and is ready to
die any day and then brutally beat him
up
after that the quartet of alex visits an
abandoned casino where another gang
caught a girl and wants to have some fun
with her
having noticed alex and his cronies the
bandits forget about the girl and rush
into a fight
alex and his company come out the
winners of the brawl the friends have
caught their courage they rush down a
country road in a sports car
the friends run into a lighted sign that
says house somewhere in the middle of
nowhere
in that house lives an elderly writer
and his young wife alex and his cronies
wearing masks trick their way into the
house
they tie up and beat the writer and then
enjoy his wife in front of him while
singing a song
[Music]
having finished their lawlessness they
go back to the cafe to replenish their
energy
on a nearby sofa the tv studios
employees gathered together
among them was a singer she sang several
lines dazzling alex but his friend dim
did not appreciate her creativity
he was punched in the stomach by the
leader a showdown was brewing but dim
saved himself at the last moment
alex went home after having enjoyed the
ultra violence he lives with his parents
and goes to school he hides his loot at
night in a drawer under his bed
in another drawer he has a python alex
loves beethoven especially his ninth
symphony he even has a portrait of the
famous composer in his room
in the morning alex refuses to go to
school and finds himself ill
when his parents leave for work he rises
from bed and sees a social worker in the
next room
alex's mother gave him the key to the
apartment he warns the boy not to go to
jail because it will affect the social
worker's work
he hints that alex and his friends were
kind of identified last night by the
bandits they beat up when they were
driven away in the ambulance
they tell him about the robberies they
are going to pull and it does not matter
whether alex will agree or not he
accepts their game but on the way to the
cafe he beats them up
now power is in his hands again in the
evening they go to rob the house of a
rich old woman
they want to pull the same stunt as with
the writer to get into the house but the
woman has no slouch
she won't let the guys in and goes to
call the police
alex climbs in through the window to
open the door for his accomplices
he finds the lady of the house and they
have a fight
when alex hit the woman he miscalculated
and killed her outside the window you
hear police sirens and alex runs to the
exit he opens the door and almost
immediately gets hit in the face with a
bottle
his friends decide to frame him they
flee and leave alex for the police at
the station the guy is interrogated he
tries to keep a low profile but quickly
realizes that he will not be played with
here
he is told that a woman died in hospital
and he has to go to jail
the trial was quick alex was sentenced
to 14 years in prison he was sent to the
worst criminals where the young guy had
a hard time
but he found a way out there as well
alex began to study the bible in order
to curry favor with the local priest
he also showed good behavior for two
years finally he learned that there is a
special program that allows you to be
released in two weeks you just have to
undergo special treatment and you will
be released
alex volunteers for the program the
minister of internal affairs is in
charge of the program and even goes to
the prison to meet the candidates for
treatment
the program suggests a complete
correction of the criminal in two weeks
through mental influence on his
subconscious
the criminal is made to abhor violence
so that the minister wants to relieve
the overcrowded prisons as all the
reformed prisoners will be released
he cannot close his eyes because of the
special devices holding his eyelids open
one of the clips plays his favorite
beethoven's ninth symphony this becomes
a real torture for alex from that day on
he cannot stand the symphony
[Music]
[Applause]
two weeks passed a commission gathered
in the asylum hall to decide if alex is
cured or not
they brought him to the stage and
another man came from the backstage
he began to beat and humiliate alex and
he tolerated everything then a half
naked girl came on stage
as alex became excited a reflex kicked
in and he became ill
[Music]
the members of the commission among whom
was the minister of the interior are
happy
they recognize alex as a reformed man
and let him go alex is happy he is
finally out of prison he hurries home
but his parents are surprised to see him
they were not expecting their son and
are not very happy to see him
alex's father says they can't kick the
tenant out but he insists that alex
leave
alex wants to hit him but he can't hurt
another man
realizing his parents won't stand up for
him he leave
well do put your hand over your mouth
please bloody revolting alex is walking
along the street and sees a high bridge
over a river
he stops to reflect but a beggar
approaches to ask alex for money
on automatic he lends him a coin and
then the homeless man recognizes him he
remembers how alex and his cronies beat
him up a few years ago
the homeless man rushes the guy but he
wants to leave
he is not ready to resist but he cannot
leave the old man calls the other
beggars for help and they start beating
alex who is riding in agony
they disperse the homeless get the guy
up and recognize him
the sergeants are his old friends they
gave up robbery after school and joined
the police they decide to teach a lesson
to the former leader of their gang
they handcuff him and take him to the
backwoods then alex's former friends
beat him and torture him by putting his
head underwater
[Music]
when they are done the cops uncover him
and leave it's pouring rain alex is
freezing exhausted he walks at random
and comes to the house of the same
writer whose wife he took by force a few
years ago
but the writer's life has changed since
then he is now in a wheelchair and his
wife has an assistant in his house
a well-built man is dragging a half-dead
writer up the stairs
they let alex in the writer recognizes
him as the young man from the newspapers
about whose experiment so much has been
written but does not see the bully who
abused his wife because then alex was
wearing a mask
the writer wants to use alex for his
political purposes to spoil the
reputation of the current government
he sends his guest to the bathroom and
himself invites his political supporters
into the house
in the bathroom alex relaxes and starts
singing the writer recognizes the song
he realizes that alex is the man
the writer pours alex some wine and
tells him that he had a wife and that
she had been abused
soon after that his wife died she died
of pneumonia but the writer assured that
the reason was the criminal who took her
against her will which weakened her body
alex gets more and more worried but then
the writers acquaintances come to visit
they question the guy and find out that
he physically can't stand beethoven and
then alex passes out from sleeping pills
slipped into his wine
he wakes up in a bedroom on the rider's
top floor the rider himself is on the
floor below he has speakers in the
ceiling and has turned up the volume of
beethoven's ninth symphony
he is enjoying alex's torment his plan
is for alex to commit suicide he opens a
window and jumps out alex wakes up in
the hospital he has broken many bones
and is wrapped up in a cast alex
realizes that something has changed
inside him the psychiatrist who shows
him the pictures confirms that alex is
no longer afraid of violence that the
conditioning that was drilled into him
during treatment has erased from his
brain
alex is free again he is visited by the
minister of the interior
he explains that because of alex suicide
attempt the government has lost rating
points
the minister wants to correct public
opinion and so he makes a deal with alex
the two will present everything as if
they are good friends to please society
alex that's all for today subscribe and
like it if you want more such videos
[Music]
you